I had so much fun making Excel dashboard document this course that I want to share with you how I made
this document from scratch even if you have no experience at all with Excel and I didn't use any code
or any macros and all the buttons you see here are just simple images with hypertext links.
And I want to show you how I made this so that you can create your own dashboard Excel files and impress
people that you work with or for or your employees etc..
And so it's also just a lot of fun to create these documents and it makes I don't know it makes it not
feel like work.
It makes it feel like fun and then never I never saw any part of this course or the Excel creation as
far as work.
It's so much fun for me to create and I hope you enjoy the process as well which is why I want to explain
it to you.
And so in the lectures after this one what I'll do is I'll explain exactly how I architected this fun
to use spreadsheet from scratch.
Thanks.